---
title: Blog nine
layout: post
author: james.gavin
permalink: /blog-nine/
source-id: 1X-UZl1k8NIp02IIkTtUJSfEaJ2NL2Jypb5WWcaFYoqc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Python</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>15/7/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I have 14 badges and working towards 22 because i need to finish the course by next lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get my 22nd badge</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I did and i managed to get 22 badges this week
</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by trying again if I failed in the stage which I was struggling in and I tried and tried over and over until I got the right solution. This helped me not to give up and get more badges. Other strategies that were effective were asking for help because for some stages it just doesn't click, if you just ask your partner just for a nudge in the right direction. If your friend can’t help ask your teacher because they will always help you. But before all of that try to figure it out yourself, it will help you in your learning and most of the time you can figure it out. Not once have I needed a hint or a solution after I have: A) tried to figure it out, B) Asked a friend, C) Asked my Teacher. This always works and gets me through  my work well.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Nothing really slowed me down this week because I ignored all distractions like other people and I just worked hard to get more badges on codecademy and complete my blog. Do not be distracted in lessons and focus on the work so you can talk after your class. Only talk in class if you need help this will stop you getting distracted and make you work faster. I personally would only ever talk about the given subject as it helps a lot. If I couldn’t focus I wouldn’t have written this blog.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will work even harder to earn lots more badges and improve my understanding of Python in Codecademy. I will do this by doing a bit at home and coming back at lunchtimes to finish my work and do my blogs like this. I will be more involved in lessons by asking more questions and engaging more. I will work twice as hard next week. Hopefully I can work more productively because i will be in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


